this is june twenty third approximately
2 p.m. i'm heading west back down to
Texas down the coastline to go see my
dad and I just left Panama City and I'm
probably about 30 40 miles west of
panama city beach on a beach called
seaside which is a really neat little
beach down highway 30a off of highway 98
you can see it's where I walked through
there are tar balls washing up all in
the surf out there you can see the
people are swimming in it I'm just
making a quick report that on that I
think if you look out there you can see
a looks like a someone skimming out
there's a boat out there looks like it
has booms out and probably skimming the
oil I would imagine but everybody here
just really seems to be enjoying the day
even though there are tar balls all over
the place now here's something
interesting on seaside that I didn't see
on Panama City they have here so when
you leave the beach they have this stuff
to wash your hands natural or orange
Pumas hand cleaner as you can seize for
removing grease tar and oil now what I
did is I put some of the tar balls i put
right here these are i collected it
including on a matter of a couple
minutes I collected these out in the
surf they're not really on the beach or
just roll in with a surf and but they're
all over the place and as you can see
I'll just do one you can see you get
that real oily substance now it's on my
hands but at least here I have some of
this
so when I'm playing out with it or the
kids are out playing with it they can
wash their hands off it is secured down
so no one can steal it but this does
help to get the oil off your hands and
Panama City I was just using the use of
glove or i would rub it in the sand and
the salt water and try to get it off at
the best I could but this works much
this is a works a lot better than what
we were using there so maybe I can call
back to Panama City and say they should
put this up and down the beaches while
you have all your tourists out playing
in the oil now if you look here it looks
like we've got a Coast Guard's I think
that's a Coast Guard chopper I'm not for
sure flying right overhead it might just
be a tourist Capri out and that's not a
Coast Guard this is chopper flying
overhead yeah who knows again you can
see the ship out there
but yes seaside beach florida and there
is tar balls i'm gonna keep reporting as
i head down and we'll bring you more as
a head west